Some changes were made and some files were added.
If you've already done some pseudocode on what was previously posted,
just make sure to update it accordingly.  The changes aren't anything too serious.

Here is what is required for Monday's meeting, and most likely will not change:

Brendon - Pseudocode on "Client Main.PNG"/"Non-multi Server.PNG" & "Upload.PNG"
Steffen - Pseudocode "server multicast.png" & "Client Download.png"
Jerrod  - Pseudo/diagram for the microphone session & "Server Download.png"

If you have any issues, just let me know.
I'll be checking msn/email regularly.